README.md, before:

# angular-disqus [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kirstein/angular-disqus.png)](https://travis-ci.org/kirstein/angular-disqus.png)

 > ```angular.js``` and ```disqus``` integration made easy

A set of directive(s) and services to simplify the life of developers.

### Getting started
---
Add ```ngDisqus``` to required modules list

```
    angular.module('myApp', [ …, 'ngDisqus' ]);
```

Register your ```shortname```:

  1. by just adding it to ```window.disqus_shortname```
  2. by configure with ```$disqusProvider``` and registering it via ```$disqusProvider.setShortname```

Add comments to threads by using the ```disqus``` directive

```
    <!-- directive can be used as an attribute -->
    <div disqus="id"></div>

    <!-- directive can be used as a HTML tag -->
    <disqus="id"></disqus>
```

### API
---

1. ```$disqus#getShortname``` getter for the current shortname  
2. ```$disqus#comment``` will reset comments (or generate comments if needed)
3. ```$disqusProvider#setShortname``` setter for shortname

Keep in mind that ID must be valid! (_Yes_, it can be an expression).

### Devel
---

```
  npm install
  bower install
  grunt test
  grunt build
```

Commit message:

Removed support for element type directive.  Fixed a bug where angular would not load if were another scripts.

README.md, after:

# angular-disqus [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/kirstein/angular-disqus.png)](https://travis-ci.org/kirstein/angular-disqus.png)

 > ```angular.js``` and ```disqus``` integration made easy

A set of directive(s) and services to simplify the life of developers.

### Getting started
---
Add ```ngDisqus``` to required modules list

```
    angular.module('myApp', [ …, 'ngDisqus' ]);
```

Register your ```shortname```:

  1. by just adding it to ```window.disqus_shortname```
  2. by configure with ```$disqusProvider``` and registering it via ```$disqusProvider.setShortname```

Add comments to threads by using the ```disqus``` directive

```
    <!-- directive can be used as an attribute -->
    <div disqus="id"></div>

    <!-- directive can be used as a class attribute -->
    <div class="disqus : id"></div>
```

### Disqus identifiers   
---
Disqus identifiers must be passed to the directive as as expressions. If the plan is to pass a constant then one must make sure that the constant is wrapped in `'` apostrophes (_disqus="'id'""_)

### API
---

1. ```$disqus#getShortname``` getter for the current shortname  
2. ```$disqus#comment``` will reset comments (or generate comments if needed)
3. ```$disqusProvider#setShortname``` setter for shortname

### Devel
---

```
  npm install
  bower install
  grunt test
  grunt build
```
